quick_links.md, before:

Websites / Web Tools



[Guild Reports on warcraft logs](https://www.warcraftlogs.com/guild/reports-list/199523/) warcraft logs gives a lot of useful tools for analyzing fights, finding other groups / people who did more healing/dps than you, comparing yourself to others etc. There are A LOT of useful tools in warcraft logs, so poke around. We've also written a [deep dive into warcraft logs](warcraftlogs)!

[Wow Analyzer](https://wowanalyzer.com/) you can search for your character, or enter a specific report from warcraft logs, and wow analyzer will tell you what you did well / what you can improve on.

[WipeFest](https://www.wipefest.net/guild/KnightsOfMagrathea/Dalaran/US) this is similar to how wow analyzer works, but it operates more on a raid lvl than an individual level. Its useful for looking at what the group, as a whole, did wrong.

[Raidbots](https://www.raidbots.com/simbot) you will probably want to sim your gear and get some help figuring out what the best items in your bag are. Raidbots provides a lot of useful tools for figuring out what your upper limit is under ideal circumstances so that you can work towards that.

[Bloodmallet](https://bloodmallet.com/) Look up your best in slot gear!



Addons

[Method Dungeon Tool](https://www.method.gg/dungeontools) Method Released a dungeon tool for planning out optimal paths for keys.

Commit message:

docs(quick links): added wow best in slot

quick_links.md, after:

Websites / Web Tools



[Guild Reports on warcraft logs](https://www.warcraftlogs.com/guild/reports-list/199523/) warcraft logs gives a lot of useful tools for analyzing fights, finding other groups / people who did more healing/dps than you, comparing yourself to others etc. There are A LOT of useful tools in warcraft logs, so poke around. We've also written a [deep dive into warcraft logs](warcraftlogs)!

[Wow Analyzer](https://wowanalyzer.com/) you can search for your character, or enter a specific report from warcraft logs, and wow analyzer will tell you what you did well / what you can improve on.

[WipeFest](https://www.wipefest.net/guild/KnightsOfMagrathea/Dalaran/US) this is similar to how wow analyzer works, but it operates more on a raid lvl than an individual level. Its useful for looking at what the group, as a whole, did wrong.

[Raidbots](https://www.raidbots.com/simbot) you will probably want to sim your gear and get some help figuring out what the best items in your bag are. Raidbots provides a lot of useful tools for figuring out what your upper limit is under ideal circumstances so that you can work towards that.

[Bloodmallet](https://bloodmallet.com/) Look up your best in slot gear!

[WoW BIS](https://www.wowbis.net/) Another great site for looking up best in slots!



Addons

[Method Dungeon Tool](https://www.method.gg/dungeontools) Method Released a dungeon tool for planning out optimal paths for keys.
